have you seen this ad before a CO2
detector shaped like a bird well we
wanted to check it out so we bought it
let's see what's inside birdie comes
with a USBC to a cable where's the wall
wart the screw and the wall mount and of
course the star of the show the birdie
itself that USBC cable is for charging
the birdie because it can last up to 6
months on a single battery charge so
once you have it set up if it detects
low air quality like in a closed room
for example it'll drop de oh hey look at
that it happened right on Q letting you
know that you might need to open up a
window it needs to be above 1,000 PPM
for about 10 minutes before it'll fall
over but why a bird have you ever heard
of the phrase Canary and a coal mine
since canaries would show distress in
high CO environments they would either
faint or signaling miners that they
needed to evacuate now this is a CO2
detector which is not nearly as damaging
as carbon monoxide but opening a window
and getting fresh air is still important
at
$190 at least it's cute